Mia Vetrina Monetizations

1)	My Showcase			User Product
		Target:			Creatives (artists, photographers, designers)
		Purpose:		To showcase creative's artwork.  Emphasis is on designing a room to 
						hold art work.  The room could be pre-furnished with a blank wall, or 
						the creative can "design" a room with basic color, furniture, lamps, etc. 
		
		Features:		Color palette, basic furniture (sofas, chairs, lamps, tables, plants), 
						Decors (rooms with blank transparent walls), Textures & Artwork
						User can add artwork, objects (furniture, rooms, plants, decors)
					
2)	Room Designer		Company Product
		Target:			Furniture giants (Ikea, Raymour & Flanigan, Ethan Allen, etc.)
		Purpose:		A user enacted "room designer" that features the furniture giant's products
						including: Catalog #, Item Name, Price, Dimensions, etc. The user would be
						encouraged to design a room with the company's furniture.  Rooms would be 
						preset (i.e. Living Room, Dining Room, Bedroom, etc.).  Only the specific 
						furniture from the company would be available.  Users could only select 
						from the available options. Once the room is designed, the user would be
						encouraged to order items via a shopping cart - costs would be shown.  
					
		Features: 		Color palette, distinct company furniture & accessories, company showrooms
						& textures, shopping cart & trends analysis
					
3)	Gallery Designer	Company Product
		Target:			Online Art galleries 
		Purpose: 		To showcase gallery artwork on preset rooms/walls (decors), with color 
						selection.  User enacted "design" with a preset gallery (i.e. a wall with 
						a sofa, bed or chair), color enabled.  User would be able to see how the
						selected artwork would look with certain colors, and basic settings 
						(living room, bedroom, media room, gallery, etc.). Like 2) above, the user
						would be encouraged to purchase the artwork via shopping cart. 
						
		Features:		Color palette, distint gallery artwork, preset showrooms & shopping cart & 
						trends analysis
						
4)	Kitchen Designer	Vendor Product
		Target:			Hardware vendors (kitchens) specializing in tiles, cabinetry, etc. 
		Purpose: 		To showcase products in a user enacted "kitchen designer" with plug-in
						counters, cabinetry, backsplashes, kitchen faucets, etc.) Only company
						products would be selected and placed in the "kitchen" mockup.
						
		Features:		Color palette, distinct company products & accessories, shopping cart & 
						trends analysis
						
5)	Home Stager			User/Interior Designer Product
		Target:			Home Contractors, Designers, Builders
		Purpose:		To enable room design from scratch.  Similar to 1) above, but targeted
						towards contractors and designers for home staging, building, improvements.
						Could be used for designing quotes.  
						
		Features:		Color palette, preset rooms with furniture & accessories, floors, 
						textures and artwork.  		
						
								
															